PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0

https://polyformproject.org/licenses/noncommercial/1.0.0

Required Notice: Copyright Mark E. DeYoung (https://github.com/SemperSupra)

Acceptance

In order to get any license under these terms, you must agree to them as
both strict obligations and conditions to all your licenses.

Copyright

Each contributor licenses you to do everything with the software that would
otherwise infringe that contributor's copyright in it.

Noncommercial

You may not use the software for commercial purposes.

Patent

Each contributor licenses you to do everything with the software that would
otherwise infringe any patent claims they can license or become able to
license.

Fair Use

This license is in addition to, and does not replace, any rights you have
under copyright law, including fair use, first sale, etc.

Freedom

You may use, change, and share the software with others. When you share
the software, you must provide a copy of this license to recipients, keep
them intact, and not add any terms that would make the software
proprietary.

Notices

You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the software
from you also gets a copy of this license, as well as the following notice:

    PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0
    https://polyformproject.org/licenses/noncommercial/1.0.0

Also ensure each copy of this license and Required Notice are included.

License Compliance

If the applicable law prohibits enforcement of this license for lack of
consideration, you agree to the following: If you use the software in a way
that breaches this license, you must cure the breach immediately. The
licensor may also enforce their rights under this license.

Trademark

This license does not grant any rights to use any licensor's names,
branding, logos, or trademarks.

Termination

If you violate any term of this license, your rights under it end
immediately.

Other

This license is governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A.,
excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. To the extent any provision of
this license is unenforceable, the remaining provisions remain in full
force and effect.
